Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Easter weekend, my favorite time of the year.
Well, praise the Lord, I'm excited.
It's time to be grateful.
It's time to be thankful for all that Jesus has done for every single one of us.
It's a time to reflect.
I always just sit and watch my kids and the church things that we go to, and it makes me go inward and think about all that Jesus did—all his suffering, all that he did to break the chains of bondage off of our lives so that we could walk free.
You know, I bring out this video.
I've brought out a lot of videos the last couple of days that I've already brought out before, and I usually do it once a year.
These are the experiences that I've had with the Lord that have changed me, and they're too good just to let get buried in the algorithm.
They get weighed down at the bottom of the feed and people forget about them.
So Braden, Diana, and I bring those videos out again because we believe there's life still in those videos, in that experience that I had with the Lord—that word that the Lord gave to tell you all about his coming and where the tribulation was.
And now this one is about his crucifixion.
I was sitting on the side of my bed one night and I was asking the Lord because one of the people of the church called and said, "Brandon, I've been suffering with arthritis for years.
My hands are crippled up.
I can't move my hands.
I've been in so much pain.
How come you think I've been a preacher?
" He told me all the things that he had done and how he's still suffering.
And so I thought, "I don't know.
I'm overcoming stuff myself.
My daughter's overcoming, and I've been standing in faith.
" And I told him all my sob story, you know, after you tell your sob stories of everything you go through and you listen to each other, but it still didn't fix the problem because you still are overcoming what you're overcoming.
So I sat on the side of the bed and I said, "Lord, would you please explain to me why all the body of Christ is not healed?
Why are we not experiencing the glory?
Why have we not seen the manifestation of what we're believing for?
" So I just went to sleep and all of a sudden, in that sleeping time, I had a dream.
Now you know when you have a dream that is just an over-the-top dream, where you can smell things?
This was like I was out of my body in my dream.
This was such a supernatural dream that it was real.
All of a sudden, I was standing in this courtyard.
It was hot outside, probably about 80 degrees.
I could actually feel the temperature.
I could feel the sun hitting me.
You know, whenever you're standing out there and there's no breeze?
In the dream, I could feel how hot it was.
And I looked around me and all of a sudden to my right hand, Jesus was standing there.
And then I realized where I was.
I was taken back in time and I was at the crucifixion because I could see Jesus.
The Jesus that I was seeing had oily skin.
He had his shirt off.
His skin was dirty looking.
He looked like he had dirt on him and he was being led to the whipping post.
They took his hands, ladies and gentlemen, and they put them in shackles and they tied him to a whipping post in front of my face.
And I could see the stanchion right here with this metal-looking hoop.
And they put his hands and latched his hands on that hoop-looking thing.
They put his hands up there like that.
And there was a man that was dressed in solid black over on his right hand.
He was probably about 300 pounds.
He was a big guy, bigger than me.
This man was big, and his body structure was big.
His shoulders were big, but he was bald-headed with a shaved head.
And on his left side was a man in Roman garb.
He had a Roman helmet on, a Roman outfit on—the leather-looking outfit.
It was all just like you see in Roman times.
Both men had the cat-o'-nine-tails in their hands.
And I saw the one man take...
well, first I saw them pull his beard.
I saw them rip out his beard.
They were punching Jesus in the face.
I could see Jesus's head bounce around as they were just beating him in the face and punching him.
They were ripping his beard out of his face.
They were pushing on the crown of thorns on his head because he had a crown of thorns on his head as he was there.
His skin looked like it had been welped up.
He looked like he had been beaten, and his back already looked bruised from somebody beating on him.
His body already looked like it was—you know, whenever you see skin that was already like you were beaten with sticks?
He looked like he had purple burst blood vessels that were already popped all over his back.
He looked like someone who had been in a bad fight and had lost, totally purple from his body being beaten through his olive skin.
And you could see the glistening on his back that looked like oil from the sweat from how hot it was outside.
It was about 80 or 85 degrees, but you could see the oils from his skin.
And I just remember looking at his body and I saw him being lifted up like this, above his head.
And I saw his bruises all over his body and his face, and he had blood from where the beard was being ripped out of his face.
There was blood dripping and it looked like what you would look like if you had hair ripped out of your head.
And I could see the thorns, like I said.
So these men were taking the thorns and they were pushing them on his head more because they had things on their hands, so it wasn't hurting them, but it was hurting Jesus.
And I could see he was in tremendous pain.
As I stood there with Jesus on this side in his glorified body, I could see him and he was watching on, and we were looking at him being whipped.
And I saw the one man in the black outfit take that cat-o'-nine-tails and he went and he whipped him.
And whenever he did, I saw flesh stripped off of his body like it was just big chunks.
It was not just like a little bitty scratch.
Ladies and gentlemen, what I saw before me was horrific.
And all that came off of his body and it just scratched him deep to the bones.
Then they took the other man and he took that other side and they whipped him again on this side.
And as one was whipping this side, the other...
and they would take turns, and each one would whip.
It wasn't a break.
One would whip, then the other, to the point where his flesh was dripping off of his body.
Every time he was being hit, it was like he was being moved and he was screaming in agony.
All I could do while I was standing there was say, "Stop!
You've got to stop!
" but nobody could hear me.
I said, "Oh, God, they've got to stop!
" because I could see his body in the pain that he was feeling.
Because his arms were above his head, it was going around his chest and it was taking his skin off of his body in chunks—not just a little bit, but deep, deep wounds were just being lashed and scraped and ripped out of his body as he was taking all of the stripes for us.
Blood was dripping down him and he was just in a pool of blood all around him.
And Jesus said this to me: "What part of 'By my stripes you are healed' do you not understand?
" He was pointing at himself.
He said, "I took all that on the cross for you.
I took all sickness, all disease, everything for you.
And I said in my word, 'By my stripes you are healed.
'" He said, "Brandon, I want to tell you something.
The same way you believe that you're saved is the same way you believe for your healing.
" He said, "Brandon, if anybody was to tell you that you were not saved, you would fight them, wouldn't you?
You would say, 'Oh, I know I'm saved.
You know it,' because you're that convinced in your heart.
But yet, you have nothing to assure you other than your faith that you are.
You have no way of believing other than by what you've heard me say, or the preacher say, that you are saved by grace through faith.
And you believed and you received it and you just latched on to it, but you're convinced, no matter if you sin or whatever, that you believe that you're saved.
" I said, "That's right.
" And he said, "And if they would tell you you weren't saved, you would fight them.
You would argue with them and say, 'No, I know I'm saved.
' They say, 'No, I don't believe you're saved.
' 'No, I know I'm saved.
You're not going to tell me I'm not saved.
'" I said, "That's exactly right," because I could see myself in this experience saying that as somebody was telling me, "I don't believe you're saved.
" I said, "Well, I know I'm saved.
I know I'm saved.
" And I was fully persuaded that I know I'm saved.
But yet, I had no outward appearance, because I know when I fall and I mess up every day, somebody does.
But yet, I'm still convinced that Jesus Christ forgave me of my sins and my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
He said, "Healing and salvation are the same.
By my stripes, you are healed.
I took it on the cross for you, just like I took your sin on the cross.
I took your poverty.
I became poor that you might be rich.
I took it all for you, just like I did salvation.
But yet you believe in the salvation more than what you believe in the healing.
When you believe the same way you believe for your salvation, then nobody can talk you out of it.
It's the same way you believe for your healing.
" He said, "When you believe it the same way, Brandon, that's where your manifestation comes.
Believing it whenever you don't see it, believing it when you still feel the symptom of what you're going through.
" He said, "When you believe it, that I took all of it on the cross for you.
I became that for you: sickness, disease, poverty, lack, mental anguish.
" From the crown of thorns, what he went through in the Garden of Gethsemane praying, the blood was coming from him from the pressure of what he was about to do.
He sweat great drops of blood out of his skin because of the pressure, the mental torment of realizing what he was about to go through.
Jesus paid the ultimate price today on this beautiful Easter Sunday.
Never take it for granted what Jesus did for you.
I saw his pain.
I saw his suffering, and it was more than what anybody can comprehend.
I don't know why Jesus chose to show me what he went through.
When I saw the pain that he went through, just that part of it—not even them taking him out and making him carry his cross with all his flesh hanging off his body and all the loss of blood, and then driving those huge nails in his hands and his feet, then shoving that spear in his side and blood and water flowed.
And then he said, "It is finished.
" It is finished.
What was finished, ladies and gentlemen?
Everything he set out to do to set you free, it is finished.
"I did it all.
I paid the price.
" A sinless Lamb for the whole world.
His blood was shed for you.
Not one of you deserves it.
Not one of us can earn it.
But all of us can come to him by grace through faith and say, "Jesus, I believe what you did for me today.
" Today on this Easter, it's not about Easter eggs.
It's not about Easter candy.
It's not about a good meal after Easter service.
It's not about going out with family and friends and having a picnic or whatever you all want to do.
It's about what he paid the price for.
Yes, we celebrate it and we're thankful, but it's really a time of inward reflection to say, "Is my all on the altar?
Have I truly made Jesus Christ the Lord and my personal savior?
Am I sold out?
Do I realize that he's coming back again?
Am I suffering with something that I don't need to have in my body anymore?
Am I dealing with some kind of perversion in my life that I think that I have to, whenever Jesus paid the price?
" In Galatians, it says, "Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
" Jesus paid the price for every single one of you.
And that's why I take communion daily, because this represents his body that was broken.
This represents his blood that was dripped all over, and he became sickness.
He became death.
He became all that he did on the cross.
This is what it represents.
And now he dwells on the inside of me because I confessed him as my Lord and Savior.
He dwells on the inside of me, and I'm healed by those stripes.
And when Jesus looked at me and he said, "What more do you need to understand?
" because I said before, if you remember what I said, I said, "I don't understand it, Lord.
Can you explain it to me?
Can you explain to me why people are sick?
" He looked back at me and he reminded me of what I said before I went to bed.
He said, "What more do you need to understand?
By my stripes you are healed.
I took it all for you, the same way I did for your salvation and the same way I took your poverty.
You don't have to be poor.
You don't have to be poor in spirit.
You don't have to be poor in anything.
I became that so you could be blessed.
" It was so simple the way he described it to me that even a child can understand that.
Do you believe it?
And if you do, do you believe you receive it the same way, that today you have the opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior?
And you say to me, "Brandon, I don't even know that.
I've never accepted him as Lord and personal savior.
" Well, today's your day.
I want to lead you in a prayer.
We're going to take communion as believers today.
And we're going to believe that today's your day, that you don't have to go through sickness and disease anymore.
You don't have to go through poverty anymore.
And that those stripes, that suffering, everything he did on that cross 2,000 years plus ago is the day he took it for you, ladies and gentlemen.
And that you don't have to be bound by a devil anymore.
Jesus paid the price, the ultimate price, his life for you to walk in victory.
Today's your day to walk in victory.
Why?
Because it's already done.
He said, "It is finished.
" And he gave up his ghost.
Everything I set out to do to make my people free, I did it.
I finished the race.
I fought the good fight for you, Father.
I finished my race.
I finished my course.
And it is finished.
Now you say, "I don't even know the salvation.
" This is all you've got to say.
It doesn't have to be religious.
It just has to be a simple little prayer that you believe in your heart.
The Bible says, "If you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
" Today's your day.
Today is a brand new day to get born again, to give it all to Jesus and to know that, as the old man has passed away, behold, I have made all things new.
That's what the Bible says.
As you confess it now, this is all you have to say: "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe that you died on the cross and you rose again on the third day.
" I believe that you did all that for me, and I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Jesus, write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Forgive me of all my sins.
I'm coming to you, Lord, and I want you to be my Savior.
I want you to be my Lord.
I want you to be the captain of my ship.
Forgive me.
I need a Savior; I need a friend.
I need you in my life.
I need you.
I can't do this without you anymore.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for what you did for me.
Thank you, Lord, that I don't have to go to hell anymore.
Come inside of me.
Make me new.
I denounce Satan and every evil work.
I denounce it.
I don't want anything to do with the devil.
I don't want to have anything to do with witchcraft.
I don't want to have anything to do with anything in my past because there's somebody there who has been in the occult—you're going to get rid of that today.
I just heard that somebody just got free.
Somebody's getting free today.
That's all you have to do.
Now, find a Bible.
And if you don't have a Bible, let me tell you what I'll do next.
Find a Bible-believing church.
Go to a good church that teaches the Word of God.
Get baptized in water.
Go to the pastor or whoever's there and say, 'I need to be baptized with water.
' Get baptized.
Volunteer at the church.
Get plugged in there.
Go to some small groups or whatever you can do to get your faith stirred up and to realize who you are and the decision you've made today.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I don't have the money to get a Bible.
' Then Diana and I, my wife, we want to send you a Bible for free right now.
If you just email us and you don't have the means to get a Bible, you don't have a way of finding a Bible or whatever, we will send you one.
It'll be from Amazon.
It'll come straight to your house.
We won't use your address or any kind of information for any kind of solicitation.
We just truly want to bless you and we want to rejoice with you in your decision today to make Jesus Christ the Lord and your personal Savior.
So we're just going to rejoice with you.
We're excited for you.
We're going to send you a Bible.
If there's any kind of prayer request, you tell us in the email and we're going to agree with you by faith that everything is yours and your life's going to start turning around—and it's going to.
I believe today is the best decision you've ever made.
So we're excited for you.
Comment down below if you've got to tell somebody.
Let us rejoice with you today.
If you gave your heart to Jesus Christ, comment down below and say, 'Hey, I gave my heart to Jesus Christ today,' and let's get excited about what Jesus did.
Let us be excited for you.
Let's rejoice with you.
Tell somebody down below; say, 'I gave my heart to Jesus today.
' And then if you can't get a Bible and you need one, let us know and we'll send you a New King James Bible.
And so now, to the people who are believing for healing and you believe in the message that I just gave and you say to me, 'Brandon, today's my day.
I believe that Jesus, if you pray for me, Brandon, today I believe I'm going to be healed because I don't have to have sickness in my body anymore because of what I just heard you say, Brandon.
' I believe that Jesus paid the price for my sickness.
Jesus paid the price for my sin.
Jesus paid the price for my finances, and I'm not going to live in sickness anymore.
Will you pray for me?
Yes.
Let's take communion together.
It's our God-given right.
This is what we have right here.
We can take this body and remember what he did for us on that cross.
And we're going to take that right now.
And we're going to believe for your deliverance.
We're going to believe that this is the meal that heals, and Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory and you don't have to walk in the devil's hell.
You don't have to be bound anymore.
So, Father, thank you for what you did in this beautiful Easter weekend.
Thank you, Father, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you and with your stripes we are healed.
And Jesus, we thank you for all you did for us.
And we receive right now in the name of Jesus—we receive right now in the name of Jesus—our healing, our deliverance.
We're free by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony.
And we thank you, Lord, that you said from the top of our head to the soles of our feet, we are delivered from sickness and disease.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that I'm healed and whole and well by your stripes.
Father, I take this body in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that I'm no longer sick.
I'm no longer bound by the devil.
And I believe, Father, that by your stripes, I'm healed.
I take this in the name of Jesus right now, in Jesus' name.
Now we thank you, Lord, that as we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we take this blood.
We apply the blood over us, over our marriages, over our children.
And Father, I thank you, Father.
This is the sign of your covenant that I take this over everything that I ever need.
Father, mental anguish—Father, you took those crown of thorns on your head for depression, for anxieties, for fears, for PTSD, for mental anything, strongholds, bipolar, schizophrenia, all of it.
Jesus paid the price for schizophrenics.
Jesus paid the price for depression and wanting to harm yourself—self-harm.
Jesus paid the price for you not to walk in having depression and trying to hurt yourself.
You don't have to cut; you don't have to be bound by that devil.
People say they cut themselves—you need to be free from that.
Jesus wants you free from eating disorders, anorexia and bulimia and even obesity.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that you paid the price for that.
And we take the blood and we make much of the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over mental disorders.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we make much of the blood.
And the blood makes much of us today.
And we plead the blood over our marriages, over our finances, over all of it.
The blood covers it all.
Ladies and gentlemen, his blood is sufficient for us.
It is more than enough.
His blood is more than enough.
Do you understand?
And we take this right now in the name of Jesus.
Lord, we receive it and we come before your throne boldly.
You are our I AM THAT I AM.
You are Jehovah Jireh, the Lord will provide.
You will do everything that you said you would do in your word.
And we're so thankful that you've healed leukemia right now.
You're healing thyroid disorders right now.
You're healing blinded eyes right now.
Cataracts in the eyes are going away right now.
Ears are opening.
Father, hearing is getting better and healed and whole and well right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Blood disorders are being healed right now in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
All kinds of cancers are dying right now in Jesus' name.
I'm not just saying this; they're not just things I just flippantly say.
It's coming out of my spirit to tell you to latch on by faith and say, 'I believe I receive.
' It's not a spiritual lottery where somebody calls out the number whenever I'm saying these things.
This is actually bubbling up out of my spirit.
The Lord tells me to say, 'Say this.
Say this.
Receive it now.
' Wherever you are, receive it now.
Wherever you are, I don't have to call what you're going through.
Just say, 'Father, I latch on like the woman with the issue of blood.
I latch on to the hem of your garment and I'm not letting go until I've got it.
' I've got my full manifestation.
I receive it today.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded and you took it all.
We thank you, Lord, that today is our day for our deliverance.
In every area of our life, Jesus Christ paid the price for me.
Thank you, Lord.
We worship you, Father, in all his glory.
He said, 'If I be lifted up, I draw all men unto me.
' Thank you, Jesus.
You say, 'What are you doing?
' I'm praying in the spirit.
That's Acts chapter 2.
I believe that everybody has the ability to be baptized in the Holy Ghost.
And if you want to receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit, Holy Ghost, and fire, today's your day.
I believe that he'll touch you right in your living room, right in your car, or wherever you're watching this video.
I want you to start praying.
He's not going to come and wag your tongue for you.
He's not going to come and grab your tongue and say, 'No.
' You've got to act out.
You've got to act just like Peter had to walk on the water.
He had to put his steps out there.
Jesus could have said, 'I'm going to just supernaturally pull you up out of the boat and bring you to me.
' No, he said, 'Do you believe?
' and Peter said, 'Yes.
' He said, 'Then come, Peter.
' Peter started walking on the water.
Here comes Peter walking on the water.
That's what he did.
He started walking on the water, and then he took his eyes off Jesus and he started to sink.
But that's another story.
Right now, what you're going to do is walk on the water.
You're going to do it by faith.
You're going to start speaking it out of your mouth.
You let your tongue bubble up out of your spirit, and whatever comes out of your mouth, you start speaking it and you say, 'Father, I believe I receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire and I receive it right now in the name of Jesus and I will pray in tongues.
I believe the gift of praying in tongues is for me and I receive it now by faith.
' You receive it right now, just how you receive your healing, how you receive your deliverance, how you receive everything.
I receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire, and that new wine, that new river of living waters is flowing up out of my spirit right now.
I begin to pray in an unknown tongue and you just start doing it.
I'm going to pray with you right now.
You've got to get out of your mind.
You bypass the mind because you're not praying from your mind; you're praying from your spirit.
And it bypasses the intellect.
God will take the foolish things of the world to confound the wise.
Watch what he does.
You have to get out of your intellect.
You say, 'Well, that sounds foolish.
' You keep going.
Move on them right now, Holy Spirit.
Move on them right now from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Let the Holy Ghost become real to you today and become a mighty rushing wind in your household.
I believe.
I receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire.
You've got to say it.
You've got to put your boat into motion.
You've got to step on that water.
Be like Peter right now.
That's it.
You've got to keep it going.
Oh, well, you say, 'I only got a couple syllables.
' Keep doing those syllables over and over and over again.
Even if it's just a couple little words, keep going.
And it'll keep bubbling up out of you.
And it'll keep growing.
Glory to God for the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
I believe you received the baptism of the Holy Ghost today.
And if you need to, rewind it again, keep going over this and renew your mind.
Go to Acts chapter 2.
Read Acts chapter 2 over and over about the Holy Ghost coming on them with a mighty rushing wind.
And if you want to know more about it, find the book 'Why Tongues' by Brother Kenneth E.
Hagin.
It will really help you out in flowing in tongues, understanding why you do it and why we pray in tongues, and understanding the gift 'Why Tongues' by Kenneth E.
You can get it on Amazon, and it'll really bless you.
So then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee, how great thou art, how great thou art.
Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee, how great thou art, how great thou art.
Do you understand how much he loves you today?
I want you to understand how much Jesus loves you.
You sit there and you say, 'Me?
' Yeah, you.
You, the one sitting there in the chair watching this video—you've been so far away from him and you think that you can't come back because you've done so much bad.
But he's waiting there like the prodigal son.
He's waiting there ready to kill the fatted calf for you.
He is leaving the 99 to go after the one.
And all you have to do is run back to him.
When we sin, ladies and gentlemen, we don't run away from God.
We run to God.
Our sin is none of the devil's business.
He tempts you and then he's there to accuse you of the thing he tempted you of.
He is the accuser of the brethren.
So he'll sit up there and try to tempt you to fall.
And then after you fall, he's ready there to beat you with a bat and try to torment you with the thing you've messed up with.
Well, 'God doesn't love me anymore.
I fell and I made the unpardonable sin.
' I don't believe that.
Jesus paid the price once and for all for all your sin.
And I need you to understand that Jesus is not up there with a big bat ready to beat you up.
He's up there waiting with a fatted calf and that robe ready to bless you and say, 'Come on home, honey.
Come on home.
You didn't mess up.
' 'Well, I aborted a baby.
' I just heard that.
I murdered my child with abortion.
Oh, I don't know who that is, but I see your heart, young lady.
You're watching this video and you don't think Jesus will forgive you because you had an abortion.
You believe because you did that that you're going to hell and there's no way you can come back and repent because of what you've done.
But I'm here to tell you that Jesus Christ will even forgive you of that.
You may have messed up really big and it's been something that you've been battling with—the depression of this.
You've been beaten up because you hear that Christians are being mean to you.
You think, 'Well, everybody's so mad at me because they're so against abortion.
' Yeah, we don't stand for abortion.
But I'm going to tell you this, that there is no one that can cast a stone.
He that is without sin cast the first stone.
That's what the Bible said.
When Jesus said that to the lady and they were all ready to stone her for being caught in adultery and whatever she was messed up in, he looked up at those men and he said, 'He that is without sin cast the first stone.
' And I want to say, if there are so many people that want to pick the speck out of your eye, but they won't get the log out of their own.
We're not here to condemn you on this channel.
We're not here to pick you.
'Well, I've been homosexual.
I've been all this stuff.
God's not going to forgive me.
' Jesus Christ loves you and he's waiting on you with arms wide open.
He is no longer holding it over your head.
The moment you confess it, he's there to forgive it.
He's like, "I don't remember it anymore.
What sin are you talking about?
I don't remember them anymore.
" Remember that; he doesn't remember it anymore.
It's cast in the sea of forgetfulness.
It's all washed in the blood right now.
The moment you say, "Father, I messed up.
I'm hurting so bad.
I need to forgive myself," you need to forgive yourself.
That baby is waiting for you whenever you get up there, honey.
It didn't go into nothingness.
It's a child; it had a soul, and I believe with all my heart the moment the baby was aborted, it went straight up to be with the Father, and that child is up there waiting on you.
And the moment you confess it, get it out there, and run back to Jesus for what you did, saying, "I messed up," guess what?
That child's waiting on you.
If the rapture doesn't happen in our time frame in our life, which I believe it will, you'll be up there whenever you leave and go home to be with the Lord.
You know what I'm saying?
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
We go by the graveside; that baby is waiting on you.
I'm just saying it's okay.
It's all under the blood.
Wash it away and forgive yourself, and know that Jesus Christ loves you.
That's what I'm trying to tell you today.
Shake it off.
Yeah, it hurts, but I'm forgiven.
And the devil comes by and whispers, "But you did that.
Remember?
You killed that.
" He comes to torment.
He tempts you and he accuses you up there, going, "Haha, I caused her to fall.
" All you say is, "Haha, devil.
Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory over this, too.
" God bless you.
It's all under the blood.
Just say it.
He comes by and tries to whisper again, "It's under the blood.
Jesus paid the price for me.
" It's at the altar, at the mercy seat.
He has forgiven me and I'm not walking in this anymore—the guilt and the shame of sin anymore.
I'm coming back.
I don't know who that's for, but oh my goodness, I'm so excited for you today.
There's no reason to walk in bondage of that anymore.
No more.
"What sin are you talking about?
I don't remember them anymore.
" And I believe it said from the Book of Life they've all been torn out.
Well, praise the Lord for that.
I feel such a sweet presence of the Lord here today.
Holy Spirit, is there anything else?
We just worship you.
We just praise you.
We magnify your name.
We glorify your name.
We exalt you.
We extol you.
You're glorious, Father.
We sing to you a new song.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I see.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle, so pure and so kind.
Father, we love you today.
We worship you.
Thank you, Father, for you are so good.
We're so excited about your coming back for us again soon, Lord.
We're looking up, Father, for we know our redemption draws nigh.
We're so excited about the soon coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.
They say, "Is he coming back?
" He's not coming back on the earth yet; no, he's coming in the clouds for me.
He's going to come in the clouds for you.
I believe that the rapture of the church is right at hand soon, and we'll be caught up.
And then we're coming back after the seven-year tribulation, and we're going to have a thousand-year reign with him.
It's going to be glorious.
I believe that's coming soon.
You can see all around you all the things that are happening every single day, something new.
But it's time to draw close to Jesus and come up like the eagles and worship him.
Thank you, Lord, for the eagles.
Thank you, Lord, that our youth is renewed like the eagles and that we will live long and finish strong.
There are many of the people that are watching that are getting up there in age.
But Father, I thank you that even they, if they're not satisfied, you keep them strong.
You keep their minds mentally clear and alert.
Father, they'll never know Alzheimer's, dementia, Parkinson's disease, or any of the things that have to do with the elderly.
Father, I thank you Lord that their bodies are whole and their youth is renewed like the eagles; you fill their mouth with good things and they are satisfied with long life.
You said you would satisfy them and show them your salvation, and they will live long and finish strong.
We believe that today is a day of a new start for every single one of them, Father.
Their bones, their joints—there's no arthritis.
They're going to get up; they're going to be more refreshed and more mentally alert than they've ever been.
None of this old forgetful stuff.
No, we've got the mind of Christ.
According to Second Timothy 1:7, God has not given you a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind.
Today, you have a sound mind and you're going to live long, finish strong.
That's what we agree with you today about.
Diana, I, and Braden behind the camera, we're all believing big for you every single day.
Every one of us are praying for you.
Thank you for all your love and all the support you've given us by watching these videos.
It's such a blessing that you would show up on your Easter weekend and watch this video.
Truly, we're so grateful for you.
You call us your home.
I set out to do this YouTube channel over two years ago, and at first it was really hard starting out, but now people are starting to come and I'm thankful that God has brought every single one of you.
I'm humbled that some of you call me your pastor, your friend, or want to be a part of our channel.
It's such a blessing that you would be here every single day and want to watch our videos, want to watch me for even 10 or 30 minutes.
Your time is precious, I know, and we're so grateful.
Thank you for all your support, your likes, and the shares.
Thank you for the grandmother in Brazil that said she had a pizza party and watched the video on the tribulation with her grandkids.
Oh, I cried about that; it blessed me.
Some of you are so kind.
It's just that I get to be a part of someone's life change, because I know that Jesus has done so much for us and he is no respecter of persons, and he'll do the same for you.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
God bless you all.
I pray you had an Easter Sunday that was something miraculous in your household today.
I pray this video stirred you up and let you realize what he did for you.
Well, we always say: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Thank you all.
Bye-bye.